feat!: replace the influx tracer with a local one (#1290)
celestiaorg/celestia-core: pkg/trace/README.md

# trace package

The `trace` package provides a decently fast way to store traces locally.

## Usage

To enable the local tracer, add the following to the config.toml file:

```toml
# The tracer to use for collecting trace data.
trace_type = "local"

# The size of the batches that are sent to the database.
trace_push_batch_size = 1000

# The list of tables that are updated when tracing. All available tables and
# their schema can be found in the pkg/trace/schema package. It is represented as a
# comma separate string. For example: "consensus_round_state,mempool_tx".
tracing_tables = "consensus_round_state,mempool_tx"
```

> Trace data will now be stored to the `.celestia-app/data/traces` directory, and
> save the file to the specified directory in the `table_name.jsonl` format.

Reviewer: grammar looks off

```suggestion
Trace data will now be stored to the `.celestia-app/data/traces` directory, and
files will be saved in the `table_name.jsonl` format.
```

Author: fixing upstream and moving down
